good day fine folk of GameSpot and
welcome to start select coming up on
today's gut-wrenchingly exciting show ea
denies turn 10 Porsches in Forza 4 and
Skyrim's hot gay action fresh from
establishing itself is a plucky and the
dog in the fight between battlefield and
call of duty Electronic Arts has
demonstrated its evil megalomaniac side
by denying Forza the Porsche cars it
once so very very much EA holds the
license to use the German manufacturers
cars in videogame form and was only too
happy to let turn 10 to use 35 different
Porsches in forza three however jump
forward to forza 4 and it's pulled out
the pause ban hammer and smash the
developer over the head with it turn 10
took to its blog to explain the
situation to stricken fans per Forza 4
we were looking forward to adding even
more Porsche cars and we were especially
looking forward to featuring multiple
Porsche experiences in our new auto
vista mode in the end however EA
couldn't see the way towards
collaborating again said community rep
Brian Ekberg crying into his new
wireless speed wheel EA meanwhile we'll
keep Porsche exclusively for its
upcoming arcade racer Need for Speed the
rump Skyrim has long been one of the
most popular games on gamespot
undoubtedly because people have been
desperate to find out the answer to one
simple question will there be same-sex
marriages in the game well rest assured
friends you can get it on with anyone
you like in the upcoming role-playing
game as Bethesda's Pete Hines as
confirmed on his Twitter feed he said
you can marry anyone not any NPC just
any male or female doesn't matter what
you're playing however not everyone is
happy about this in a five-page forum on
gamespot on the topic user cloaked bolts
moaned they accept gay marriage but they
don't accept the sphere the time they
take to develop gay marriage which
totally doesn't fit the genre or that
similar time period could have been
contributed to the spears but we can't
help but agree with user black mantas
512 who says this game is going to be
fabulous
right that's it from me for today start
select but for more Skyrim check out
Super Start select tomorrow where we'll
have an interview with the
aforementioned Pete Hines tatty by